# Script

For organisers running the event, please make sure the to do the following.

- Check-in with speakers and introduce yourself. Make sure they have what they need.
- Time the talks! Give a few minutes leeway if there's still a lot of excitement. 
- Please watch for members looking uncomfortable. Approach!
- Clean up after. You’re the last one out.

The following is an example script for the evening.

## Welcome!

- What is Type Brigade
- What is its goal?
- Mention the history and name change
- Explain the number 20 thing

## Code of Conduct

Show who the organisers are, raise your hand as an organiser, get others to follow suit. We have a Code of Conduct, it’s on the website. We’re proud of it, because it keeps us trying to make our events as welcoming as possible. It’s also editable by you, the community. Just click the “edit” link on this page to propose a change.

Long story short: Be nice to others, don't be a jerk. If something happens that makes you feel uncomfortable, please see the aforementioned organisers. They are friendly, happy to help, and listen.

## Share and thank sponsors

- Organisational, Chloi Inc.
- Space, Mobify
- Drinks, Harp Platform
- Surprises, Black Stone Press 
- Talk about Andrea’s custom lettering 

## Who’s hiring

We’d like the awesome designers here to be doing as much design work as possible. If you’re hiring designers, please let me know at some point in the evening. If you’re looking for work, likewise. Hopefully we can put you in touch with one another.

## Agenda

- Remind everyone that our speakers are amazing and always learning and that we should be kind and encouraging.

We have two talks tonight. Each will be about twenty-five to thirty minutes, followed by a five minute question and answer section. We ask you save any questions that come up during the talk until then, unless the speaker instructs you otherwise. We’ll take a ten minute break in-between talks, too. 

Later, we’ll have [someone] speaking about [something]. They [do some things] at [some place].

First, however, we’ll have [someone else]. They’ll be speaking about [something], which they did at [some place]. We’ll take one more minutes to get [that person] setup, and then get started.

***

_Talk one_
[Time it!]

***

- Q&A prompts for talk
- Thanks to speaker one, you can talk to them more later
- We’ll take a quick break while we get [Speaker Two] setup

***

- Re-introduce speaker two

***

_Talk two_
[Time it!]

***

- Q&A prompts for talk
- Thanks to speaker two, you can talk to them more later

## Closing

## Thank sponsors, esp. if sponsoring next time too

- Organisational, Chloi Inc.
- Space, Mobify
- Drinks, Harp Platform
- Surprises, Black Stone Press 

## Thanks and announcements

- Thanks to assistant organisers
- Thank speaker one
- Thank speaker two
- Announce calls for proposals, “We are all awesome,” and mentorship opportunities 
- You’ll have some time to prepare, because our next meetup is already schedule
- Announce next meetup

## What next?

- “Thanks for coming! Y'all are rad.”
- Now let’s go talk type design and typography at [somewhere] after we clean up our host space.

## License

This script is based off of PDXNode’s [presentation night script](https://github.com/PDXNode/pdxnode/blob/master/presentation_night_script.md).