For organisers running the event, please make sure the to do the following.

- Check-in with speakers and introduce yourself. Make sure they have what they need.
- Time the talks! Give a few minutes leeway if there's still a lot of excitement. 
- Please watch for members looking uncomfortable. Approach!
- Clean up after. You’re the last one out.

The following is an example script for the evening.

# 20

Hi, I’m Kenneth, this is my first time at this meetup.

A little while ago, I was in a class with Peter Cocking, an accomplished book designer here in Vancouver [who happens to be here tonight]. We’d all gone off on a tangent, perhaps about food or architecture or a story someone had told—and yet we naturally circled back to talking about the type in the location we were speaking of.

“I find, if you speak about anything for long enough, it always comes back to type,” Peter quipped, and moved on with the lecture as if it was all planned!

Type enthusiasts like us are always finding excuses to talk about type, so there’s not reason we can just speak about it sooner.

One opportunity to do just that was the Vancouver Typography Meetup Group’s nineteen previous meetups, organised by Shelley Gruendler since 2011.

She is doing a lot of amazing work through Type Camp now, and wasn’t really looking to run this meetup too. She’s no longer involved, but I want to say a huge thank-you for her to founding the group and for giving us the go-ahead to relaunch it as something different.

With that, I’m happy to announce that the Vancouver Typography Meetup Group is now Type Brigade. The change signifies two things.

1. We cover type design and typography
2. We’re a speaker series

## We cover type design and typography

We’re explicitly committed to focusing on type design and typography. We’re here to learn, and bring the type and design community in Vancouver a little closer together, whether you’re a type designer with a lifetime of experience or just realised you have an interest in letters.

## We’re a speaker series

We are now a “brigade” format speaker series, like our sibling meetups [CSS Brigade](http://cssbrigade.com) and [Node Brigade](http://meetup.com/node-brigade-vancouver).

This means we’ll have a 25–30 minutes talk, followed by a brief Q&A with the speaker, when you can ask any questions you through of during the talk. After that, we’ll have a quick break. The second talk and Q&A will be next. And finally if there’s interest, everyone’s welcome to grab a drink and food together nearby. That’s Type Brigade.

And this is Type Brigade number twenty, to keep the history of the previous events even with our rename and relaunch.

Welcome!

## Speakers 

You’re going to see two amazing speakers tonight.

First, Celeste Martin, an Assistant Professor at Emily Carr University of Art + Design with a specialisation in typography.

Then, by Neil Candle-gow-car, a hacker and marker of things, which includes type.

You’ll hear more about and from them momentarily.

## Numerals

We’re super excited to share Type Brigade completely custom event numerals, which we’ve been showing off since you entered. They’re designed by our assistant organiser and resident letterer Andrea Husky.

Andrea is cleverly referencing Modern №20 by Ed Ben-gee-ot for Type Brigade №20, and the result is these fantastic Didone numerals we’re proud to call our own.

## Team

In addition to Andrea, the other people working on the event today are:

- Cody Jones, Assistant Organiser
- Riley Cran, Assistant Organiser
- Jorge, Mentor via CSS Brigade

## More new things

Website
Mention us, @typebrigade
Tag your photos #typebrigade, you get the idea probably

## Code of Conduct

Part of the website is Type Brigade’s Code of Conduct. It’s heavily based on prior work of people I admire, and we’re proud of it because it will keeps us trying to make our events as welcoming as possible.

We like to summarise it as follows:

> Be kind to others, and don't be a jerk.

I think we can all get on board with that anyway, but having it explicitly outlined just makes expectations clear.

If something happens that makes you feel uncomfortable, please see or contact Andrea or me. We are friendly, happy to help and listen, and will take your concerns seriously.

The full Code of Conduct is on our website. You can also scroll to the bottom and press “edit” to propose improvements. It’s also ready for other Vancouver meetups to copy, which I hope they do; meetups here are growing and growing up and I think this is an important part of it. We have a blog post coming out about that soon.

## Sponsors

We wouldn’t have much to say about anything without our super cool sponsors, however, because Type Brigade wouldn’t be here! I can happily say all these companies care about type and design, and I would share them with you anyway.

### Chloi Inc.

Admittedly I am a little biased about the first one, because I work there! Chloi Inc. helps with the organisational overhead for this meetup, which is actually pretty significant because I keep changing things.

Chloi is a software engineering studio that understands design. Talk to me after if your company needs expertise in building next-generation web and mobile experiences, we specialise in writing JavaScript with real users in mind.

### Mobify

Our next sponsor is Mobify!

Mobify makes the web a fast and responsive experience on all mobile devices. They know how to take care of space, whether it’s getting type to look great on small screens, or taking care of our space for Type Brigade. Thank your to Mobify for letting us use their wonderful headquarters!

### Harp Platform

The beer and pop is sponsored by the Harp Platform, effortless web publishing through Dropbox. If you’re looking for a simple way to publish or collaborate on a website, Harp Platform allows you to do this right through your Dropbox! We’re using Harp Platform for the Type Brigade website.

Visit www.harp.io to start your free trail, and thanks to the Harp Platform!

### Black Stone Press

Our final sponsor is Black Sone Press.

They’re a beautiful print studio with even more beautiful work. They’ve been providing fine letterpress printing and graphic design services on Granville Island since 1996, and the owner David is really cool.

## Yes I am still talking, sorry

Okay! Yes, I am almost done talking. Let me introduce you to our first speaker Celeste Martin, and we’ll get started.

## Celeste Martin

Celeste Martin is one of the most effective design instructors my classmates and I have had the pleasure of learning from at Emily Carr University, so I’m really happy she’s here today to present for us. Her attention to detail and expectations us simultaneously strike fear into our hearts and then encourages us to produce work we didn’t know we were capable of.

She specialises in typography, researches at the university’s Social + Interactive Media Centre, and is the editor of their award-winning design research journal Current. Please join me in welcoming Celeste Marin!

## Break

Have a drink if you haven’t already, and feel free to take pictures or tweet about how awesome that talk was. We’re on Instagram and Twitter will keep an eye for your “typebrigade” hashtags and at-mentions

## Neil Kandalgaonkar

Neil Candle-gow-car, or Neil K. for short, is a “hacker and maker of things,” which, while accurate, is a pretty ridiculous understatement. He’s an extremely talented software develope. He’s worked on things you definitely know on the internet: Upcoming, Wikipedia, Flickr, and Google.

Every time I hear Neil speak I learn about some new crazy thing I had no idea he even did, so I guess I shouldn’t have been that surprised when I found out his obsession with type almost sent him down a different career path entirely. Here’s Neil K. on his foray into type design.

## Colophon

Type Brigade’s text and citations are set in Lukasz Dziedzic’s FF More. Headings and quotes are set in Edmondsans by James T. Edmonson, via our friends at Lost Type Co-op, and our custom event numerals are done by our resident letterer Andrea Husky.

### Speakers

We are nothing without our speakers. Massive thank you to Celeste and to Neil for being our first speakers under the new name.

### Team

- Andrea Husky
- Cody Jones
- Riley Cran
- Jorge Pedret

Thank you again to Shelley Gruendler, she was not involved with this particular event but she did found the meetup and we’re very grateful for that.

### Sponsors

Thanks to my friends at Chloi Inc. for making organising this event possible. And our friends at Mobify for letting us use their wonderful headquarters. To the Harp Platform at www.harp.io for covering the the beer and pop. And to Black Sone Press.

## Surprise

Now is an awesome part where we get to show you what they printed for us:

Remember our gorgeous event numerals designed by the talented Andrea Husky? She designed them specifically for this event for a limited edition, letterpress print as a gift from the organisers and Black Stone Press to everyone on the Meetup event list today.

[However we’re giving those away.]

Okay, now close your eyes and imagine your company’s logo is on the screen. And I’m saying things! Lots of nice things to all these great designers!

Okay now you can open your eyes because my email is on here, and that part is important.

We’re hoping to have a new sponsor for beer, and to do another custom print for the next event, but we need one or two very small sponsorships to make that happen. If your company is interested in helping keep this meetup unique, please talk to me after or email me at kenneth@typebrigade.com

## Type Brigade №21

And, that sponsorship slot isn’t actually too far away! Type Brigade 21 will be happening in almost exactly two months, towards the end of August.

Make sure you visit typebrigade.com and join, and tell your type-fanatic friends and you’ll get an email when we announce the exact date.

## Call for Speakers

We’re also excited to announce our Call for Speakers is now open.

We have a simple form and a bunch of useful resources listed on our website.

If you have a talk you’re preparing a type or design for a larger event, we can be a great audience to preview it. If you have an old talk, feel free to reuse or update it, we haven’t got the chance to see it yet! If neither of those apply to you, you might not think of you’re a speaker, but I’d really like the opportunity to prove you wrong.

You don’t need to know everything about type to teach us something, and we’re ready to help mentor if you don’t feel ready yet or your proposal needs some polish. Jorge has been doing this through CSS Brigade and we can help or find you an appropriate mentor, a practice audience, whatever.

## Social

Okay! And as practice for talking more about type, we’ll be heading as a group to Subeez for food and maybe a drink shortly, which is right nearby.

Thanks for coming! That was Type Brigade.